Interesting developments
here at Scotland Yard this morning.
The police case against the notorious
cyber criminal syndicate
APT is in jeopardy.
Senior Investigating Officer
Detective Chief Inspector Nicola Crooks
posted on social media last night
that the majority
of the evidence used against APT
had been fabricated.
This led to her arrest
in the early hours of this morning.
Police have declined
to comment at this stage.
APT were allegedly responsible
for many cyber attacks
last year against multiple high
profile targets.
And their case is currently being heard
at the Old Bailey.
Key evidence is due to be
heard this afternoon.
So this recent development threatens
a complete collapse of the prosecution's case.
Defense lawyers  are already demanding
that all proceedings
are dropped immediately
and DCI Crooks face criminal charges.
For more on this, we go to our crime
reporter, Ivor Storey.